## Section 3 Reflection

1. What are two points from the Growth Mindset article and/or video that either resonated with you, or were brand new to you?

The idea of having SMART goals, goals that are Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, and Timely, really resonated with me because of how clear, useful, and actionable it is as a framework.

Additionally, I really liked how the author connected the concrete skillset of coding with the subjective idea of a Growth Mindset.  In other words, I like how she connected coding to a lifestyle philosophy making it into more than just an arbitrary tool.

1. In which ways do you currently demonstrate a Growth Mindset? In which ways do you _not_?

I used to have a very strong Growth Mindset while in college.  However, when I got to the working world, I found that the work I was doing was not engaging and that the work environments that I found myself in did not encourage taking an actual Growth Mindset, even if they did regularly spew business jargon about self-improvement.

However, ever since I started working on this program, I am slowly feeling my entrepreneurial spirit and internal Growth Mindset returning.  I want to keep this momentum going and restore a Growth Mindset back to the other parts of my life, namely my personal life, my professional life, my social life, etc.  

To be honest, I haven't had a growth mindset this entire year in anything other than in developing my relationships with people.  While I have made great strides with my relationships recently, it is time for me to expand my Growth Mindset in all aspects of my life!

1. Think of a web or mobile application you use regularly. Where is an example of a place that the developers probably use Arrays? Explain.

I regularly use Instagram.  The developers probably use arrays all over the place in the app.  For example, the photos on any given profile are probably stored using an array like structure.  Each photo panel in someone's profile probably corresponds directly to an item in an array that contains each photo file.

1. In your own words, explain what an Array method is.

Array methods are functions built into Javascript that let you modify an array in a predefined way.  For example, the .push method is used for adding an item to the end of an existing array.  The syntax would look something like this:

array1 = [1, 2, 3];
array1.push(4);
//Output:// array1 = [1, 2, 3, 4]

1. What is the purpose of a loop? When would we use a loop in conjunction with array vs. without?

A loop is a program that evaluates a statement and, so long as that statement is true, it executes a line of code.  Each time it executes a line of code, the loop's initial statement's conditions are modified in some predefined way.  Eventually, the statement will be modified in such a way that it will evaluate as false, and then the loop will end.

The point of a loop is to execute repetitious code in a way that is efficient and easily modifiable.

We would use a loop in conjunction with an array when we have a list of data points that we want to modify in a consistent way, one after the other, to get a new list of outputs.  However, we can also use loops in situations where a list of data points is not used as the initial inputs.  For example, we could use a loop to output a sequence of numbers generated by the initial condition variable as it is modified by the counter variable, i++.

1. If you had to teach a 5 year old about loops, how would you explain it?

You know how when you pick up your toys one at a time and put them in your toy chest at the end of the day?  Well when you do that, you're using a loop! You repeat the same action for each toy, one at a time, until there are no more toys left to put in the chest.  As long as you repeat the same action starting with the first toy and ending with the last toy, in the end your room will be clean.  This same process can be used in computer science.

1. What questions do you still have about Arrays and loops?

When will we learn more about them?  I'm super interested!
